Add bundle_file_arn to plugin options for awssecret (#3578)
spiffe/spire: doc/plugin_server_upstreamauthority_awssecret.md

| region            | AWS Region that the AWS Secrets Manager is running in |

> | cert_file_arn     | ARN of the "upstream" CA certificate                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| cert_file_arn     | ARN of the "upstream" CA certificate that will be used for signing. If more than one certificate is present, they will be added to the chain in order of appearance, where the first certificate will be the one used for signing.                 |
```

| key_file_arn      | ARN of the "upstream" CA key file                     |

> | bundle_file_arn   | ARN of additional roots to include in the trust bundle. If `cert_file_arn` contains a self-signed certificate this field can be left unset. Otherwise, `bundle_file_arn` must include one or more certificates necessary to establish a valid chain up to a self-signed certificate. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bundle_file_arn   | ARN of roots to include in the trust bundle. If `cert_file_arn` contains a self-signed root CA certificate this field can be left unset. Otherwise, `bundle_file_arn` must include one or more root CA certificates |
```
